Vm management updates (#1236)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.6-vm-management/10-create-manage-vm/05-standard-vm-operations/15-take-snapshot-of-vm.md

<br />

<InfoBox>

For optimal snapshots, we recommend taking snapshots of online VMs that have the QEMU Guest Agent installed. If the guest agent is not installed, a best effort snapshot is taken.

To check whether the VM has the ``qemu-guest-agent`` active, look for ``AgentConnected`` in the **Virtual Machines > Snapshots** tab. The ``vmSnapshot Status`` will display if the snapshot was taken online and with or without guest agent participation.

</InfoBox>

<br />

You can take a snapshot of an online VM that has hotplugged disks. Only persistent hotplugged disks will be included in the snapshot. Only disks with a snapshot-supported storage class defined are included in snapshots. If no eligible disk is found, the **Snapshot** action is not possible.

# Prerequisites

- A deployed VM. 

# Take a Snapshot

> 1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com) as a tenant admin.

Reviewer: Same comment.

2. From the left **Main Menu**, click **Clusters** and click on your cluster.

3. Navigate to **Virtual Machines > Snapshots**, and click the **Take snapshot** button.

<WarningBox>

In some situations such as with the Fedora operating system, SELinux on the guest prevents the QEMU guest agent from quiescing the target filesystem. As workaround, you can do one of the following:

- Generate an appropriate local security module that permits `qemu-ga` to operate correctly. This is the preferred workaround.

> - Turn off SElinux **Enforcing** mode before the snapshot by issuing the `setenforce 0` command as the root user. Enforcing can be turned on again after the snapshot using the `setenforce 1` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Turn off SElinux **Enforcing** mode before the snapshot by issuing the `setenforce 0` command as the root user. Enforcing can be re-enabled after the snapshot using the `setenforce 1` command.
```
